fix: update get started with modelling on direct relationship type restriction (#520)
openfga/openfga.dev: docs/content/modeling/getting-started.mdx

  - `{ user: "folder:{id}", relation: "parent", object: "document:{id}" }`
  - `{ user: "drive:{id}", relation: "parent", object: "document:{id}" }`

> We can use [direct type restriction](../configuration-language.mdx#the-direct-relationship-type-restrictions) to ensure onlya document's parent can only be either a drive or folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can use [direct type restriction](../configuration-language.mdx#the-direct-relationship-type-restrictions) to ensure a document's parent can only be an object  of type either drive or folder.
```
